6.3.0: release notes (#3138)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/6.3/release-notes.md

---

## 6.3.0 release notes

**May 26, 2021** &mdash; The latest release of Sensu Go, version 6.3.0, is now available for download.

> **RELEASE SYNOPSIS NEEDED**

Author: ```suggestion
This release includes several new features, enhancements, bug fixes, and usability improvements. Construct a top-level business service-centric view for distributed infrastructure and applications with a preview of Business Service Monitoring! Rate-limit Sensu Go agent transport connections without using a separate load balancer. Use an API key to authenticate sensuctl, which is handy when automating Sensu Go configuration (for example CI pipelines) and other actions (like ad hoc check execution requests). The 6.3.0 release also improves the PostgreSQL store batching capabilities, raising the event processing throughput ceiling for most deployments. Check out the release notes below for more details &mdash; there’s so much to love about this release!
```

---

## 6.3.0 release notes

**May 26, 2021** &mdash; The latest release of Sensu Go, version 6.3.0, is now available for download.

**RELEASE SYNOPSIS NEEDED**

See the [upgrade guide][1] to upgrade Sensu to version 6.3.0.

**NEW FEATURES:**

- ([Commercial feature][207]) Added [business service monitoring (BSM)][210] to provide high-level visibility into the current health of any number of business services, with a [built-in aggregate check rule template][211].
- ([Commercial feature][207]) Added support for agent transport rate limiting via [`agent-burst-limit`][208] and [`agent-rate-limit`][209] backend configuration flags.
- Added the entity class [service][213], which represents a business service for the business service monitoring (BSM) feature.

**IMPROVEMENTS:**

- ([Commercial feature][207]) The [agent transport health API endpoint][212] repsonse now includes PostgreSQL health information.
- ([Commercial feature][207]) In the web UI, some form fields now include examples of valid values.

> - Added the `--api-key` [global flag][214] for sensuctl configure. Use this flag with the sensuctl configure command to bypass username/password authentication.

Author: ```suggestion
- Added the `--api-key` [global flag][214] for sensuctl commands. Use this flag with sensuctl commands to bypass username/password authentication.
```
